docs/CANDLEGRAPH-PROJECT-SUMMARY.md, before:

# Candlegraph - Complete Project Review Summary

**Review Date:** February 17, 2026
**Reviewer:** Claude (Anthropic)
**Status:** Production Ready (with noted action items)
**Overall Grade:** A

---

## Project Overview

Candlegraph is a Hugo-based candle review site powered by R, Google Sheets, and Netlify. The site uses a custom data pipeline to calculate and display performance indexes (SAV and PAE) for scented candles, with a focus on data-driven reviews and technical transparency.

**Tech Stack:**
```
Google Sheets R (data_sync.R) Hugo (lithium theme) Netlify candlegraph.netlify.app
```

**Supporting Infrastructure:**
- GitHub - Version control
- Porkbun - Domain registrar (custom domain pending)
- Nixihost - Asset CDN
- Terryology - Hub site aggregating content

---

## What We Accomplished

This review covered four major areas across multiple sessions:

1. **CSS Refactor** - Complete stylesheet overhaul
2. **Hugo Installation** - Config, templates, partials, shortcodes
3. **R Scripts** - Data pipeline and post generation tools
4. **Google Sheets** - Data architecture review

---

## Part 1: CSS Refactor

### Summary
Complete refactor of `custom.css` / `test.css` into a production-ready stylesheet with semantic variables, accessibility improvements, and dark mode support.

### Key Improvements

**Semantic CSS Variables (19 total)**
```css
/* Before: appearance-based */
--antique-white, --charcoal, --amber

/* After: role-based */
--bg-primary, --text-primary, --accent
```

**Reduced !important Usage**
- Before: 24 instances
- After: 13 instances (all justified theme overrides)
- Reduction: 46%

**Accessibility (WCAG 2.1 AA)**
- Added focus states for all interactive elements
- Added `prefers-reduced-motion` support
- Removed visited link opacity (better contrast)
- Keyboard navigation fully supported

**New Components Added**
- Pagination styling
- Blog tags styling
- Vault methodology link
- Audit cell layout
- Vault baselines component

**Bug Fixes**
- Post title hover reverting to black Fixed with explicit hover rules
- Read More hover flickering Fixed with `:not(.read-more)` selector
- Hub link border clipping Resolved by redesigning as bold amber text

### Files
- `candlegraph-production.css` - Production stylesheet (~650 lines)
- `CSS-REFACTOR-SUMMARY.md` - Detailed CSS documentation

---

## Part 2: Hugo Installation

### Summary
Reviewed and improved config.yaml, all layout templates, partials, and shortcodes. Fixed structural issues, added pagination, and wired up orphaned templates.

### config.yaml Changes
```yaml
# Added pagination (using current Hugo syntax)
pagination:
 pagerSize: 5
```

**Kept as-is (intentional decisions):**
- MathJax 2.7.5 - working, update risk not worth it
- highlight.js 9.12.0 - knitr handles R highlighting
- Tableau link external - intentional for now
- baseurl - update when custom domain goes live

### layouts/partials/head.html
- **Consolidated CSS loading** from 3 methods down to 1
- **Environment-based loading** - test.css locally, custom.css in production
- **Added og:type** for post pages
- **Added Font Awesome placeholder** for future use

**New workflow:**
```
Hugo local server development test.css
Netlify deployment production custom.css
```

### layouts/partials/nav.html
- Added **reduced motion support** for SVG logo animation
- Fixed closing tag indentation
- Added JavaScript comments for clarity

### layouts/partials/post_preview.html
**Major fix:** Was completely orphaned - never being called by any template. Rewrote to match actual lithium theme HTML structure and wired into list.html.

### layouts/_default/list.html
- Wired in `post_preview.html` partial (single source of truth)
- Added **pagination** with previous/next buttons and numbered pages
- Removed inline article HTML

### layouts/_default/archive.html
- Removed redundant variable assignment

### Shortcodes

**data-vault.html:**
- Removed hardcoded inline style CSS class
- Added `.Inner` fallback

**vault-audit.html:**
- Added missing `.audit-cell` CSS

**vault-baselines.html:**
- Renamed generic `.label`/`.value` to `.baseline-label`/`.baseline-value`
- Full CSS added (ready for use)

**blogdown/postref.html:** No changes needed

### Files
- `head.html` - Updated partial
- `nav.html` - Updated partial
- `post_preview.html` - Rewritten partial
- `list.html` - Updated with pagination
- `archive.html` - Minor cleanup
- `data-vault.html` - Fixed shortcode
- `vault-audit.html` - Fixed shortcode
- `vault-baselines.html` - Improved shortcode
- `HUGO-REVIEW-SUMMARY.md` - Detailed Hugo documentation

---

## Part 3: R Scripts

### Summary
Corrected the SAV formula to match the methodology page, applied the confidence tax properly, fixed tier naming, and improved code quality throughout.

### data_sync.R Changes

**SAV Formula Corrected (BREAKING CHANGE)**
```r
# Before: SAV was tied to PAE (not independent)
sav_index = pae_index * (avg_scent / target_scent_avg)

# After: Matches methodology page exactly
weighted_scent = (cold_score * 0.4) + (hot_score * 0.6)
sav_index = (avg_scent / global_avg_scent) * 100
```

**Confidence Tax Applied**
```r
# Now actually applied to scores (was only mentioned before)
pae_index = if_else(n_candles < 3, pae_index * 0.8, pae_index),
sav_index = if_else(n_candles < 3, sav_index * 0.8, sav_index)
```

**Error Handling Added**
- All four `read_sheet()` calls wrapped in `tryCatch()`
- Clear error messages identifying which sheet failed

**Performance Plot Exported**
```r
ggsave(
 filename = here::here("static", "images", "performance_map.png"),
 ...
)
```

**All Quadrant Labels Added to Plot**
- Previously only GRAIL and DUD labeled
- Now all four quadrants labeled consistently

### post_brief.R Changes

**Tier Name Fixed**
```r
# Before: Generated non-existent CSS class
~ "Powerhouse" class="tier-powerhouse" (no CSS)

# After: Matches CSS exactly 
~ "Overachiever" class="tier-overachiever" 
```

**Confidence Tax Note Updated**
- Now an HTML comment (visible in source, not rendered)
- Correctly states tax is already applied in data_sync.R

**Source Path Robustified**
```r
source(here::here("data_sync.R"))
```

**Return Value Added**
```r
invisible(list(brand, tier, sav, pae, specs, audit, low_sample))
```

### new-candlegraph.Rmd Changes
- Output changed to `blogdown::html_page`
- Added description and slug to front matter
- Removed redundant library loading
- Fixed implicit join (added `by = "candle_id"`)
- Replaced `slice(1)` with cleaner `summarize()`
- Fixed double commas in `geom_bar()`
- Added consistent spacing in ggplot calls
- Changed chart color to `#D97706` (Candlegraph amber)
- Fixed typo: "progession" "progression"
- Fixed escaped pipe: `%\>%` `%>%`

### Files
- `data_sync.R` - Updated data pipeline
- `post_brief.R` - Updated post helper
- `new-candlegraph.Rmd` - Updated post
- `R-SCRIPTS-SUMMARY.md` - Detailed R documentation

---

## Part 4: Google Sheets Data

### Architecture (Terryology Architecture sheet)
Clean, well-documented ecosystem. One note: Candlegraph pipeline description should be updated to:
```
Google Sheets R Hugo (performance map + shortcodes) + JSON (Hub feed)
```

### brands 
Clean lookup table. `brand_location` unused but valuable for future analysis.

### materials 
Functional with minor redundancy. `brand_id` redundant since `candle_id` is unique. `container_shape` always "Round" currently. `materials` not yet used in `data_sync.R` - reserved for future analysis.

### purchases 
One structural issue: `brand_name` is duplicated from the `brands` table, creating two sources of truth. The workaround in `data_sync.R` (`rename(brand_name = any_of(...))`) exists because of this.

### burn_times 
One critical data entry error found:
- Row 170 (candle 14, session July 11 2025): `stop_temp = 748` should be `74.8`

Environmental data (temp, humidity, dew point) is impressive and well-collected. Not yet used in calculations but valuable for future correlation analysis.

---

## Breaking Changes Summary

These changes affect previously published content and require manual updates:

### 1. SAV Formula Change
All published SAV scores will be different after running updated `data_sync.R`.

**Required actions:**
1. Run updated `data_sync.R`
2. Run `get_brief()` for each brand in published posts
3. Update shortcode values in all affected posts

### 2. vault-baselines.html Class Rename
`.label`/`.value` renamed to `.baseline-label`/`.baseline-value`.

**Required action:** Update any posts using this shortcode (if any exist)

---

## Immediate Action Items

These should be done before committing to GitHub:

- [ ] Fix `stop_temp = 748` `74.8` in Google Sheets (burn_times, row 170)
- [ ] Set `pagerSize` back to 5 in config.yaml (if testing with 2)
- [ ] Copy `candlegraph-production.css` contents to both `test.css` and `custom.css`
- [ ] Create `static/images/` directory for performance map export
- [ ] Re-run `data_sync.R` with new SAV formula
- [ ] Run `get_brief()` for all brands in published posts
- [ ] Update shortcode values in published posts with new SAV/PAE scores
- [ ] Go through burn_times and fill in missing `throw_hot` recall values
- [ ] Update `throw_hot_basis` to "Recall" for any filled-in values

---

## Complete File Manifest

### CSS
| File | Status | Notes |
|------|--------|-------|
| `candlegraph-production.css` | Updated | Copy to both test.css and custom.css |

### Hugo Config
| File | Status | Notes |
|------|--------|-------|
| `config.yaml` | Updated | Add `pagination: pagerSize: 5` |

### Hugo Partials
| File | Status | Notes |
|------|--------|-------|
| `layouts/partials/head.html` | Updated | Environment-based CSS loading |
| `layouts/partials/nav.html` | Updated | Reduced motion support |
| `layouts/partials/post_preview.html` | Rewritten | Now active via list.html |
| `layouts/partials/post_meta.html` | No changes | Working correctly |

### Hugo Templates
| File | Status | Notes |
|------|--------|-------|
| `layouts/_default/list.html` | Updated | Pagination + partial wiring |
| `layouts/_default/archive.html` | Updated | Minor cleanup |

### Shortcodes
| File | Status | Notes |
|------|--------|-------|
| `layouts/shortcodes/data-vault.html` | Updated | Inline style removed |
| `layouts/shortcodes/vault-audit.html` | Updated | audit-cell CSS added |
| `layouts/shortcodes/vault-baselines.html` | Updated | Classes renamed + styled |
| `layouts/shortcodes/brand-specs.html` | No changes | Working correctly |
| `layouts/shortcodes/blogdown/postref.html` | No changes | Working correctly |

### R Scripts
| File | Status | Notes |
|------|--------|-------|
| `data_sync.R` | Updated | SAV formula, error handling, plot export |
| `post_brief.R` | Updated | Tier fix, confidence tax, return value |
| `index.Rmd` | No changes | Blogdown boilerplate |

### Posts
| File | Status | Notes |
|------|--------|-------|
| `new-candlegraph.Rmd` | Updated | Code quality improvements |
| Other posts | Pending | Front matter needs updating (output, description, slug) |

### Documentation
| File | Notes |
|------|-------|
| `CSS-REFACTOR-SUMMARY.md` | CSS review documentation |
| `HUGO-REVIEW-SUMMARY.md` | Hugo installation documentation |
| `R-SCRIPTS-SUMMARY.md` | R scripts documentation |
| `CANDLEGRAPH-PROJECT-SUMMARY.md` | This document |

---

## Deployment Checklist

### Before Committing
- [ ] All immediate action items above completed
- [ ] Test locally with `hugo server`
- [ ] Verify dark mode works
- [ ] Verify pagination works (temporarily set pagerSize: 2 to test)
- [ ] Verify Read More hover works
- [ ] Verify methodology page math renders
- [ ] Verify Hub link is bold amber
- [ ] Verify post title hovers work
- [ ] Set pagerSize back to 5

### Committing
- [ ] Commit all updated files to GitHub
- [ ] Verify Netlify deployment succeeds
- [ ] Test live site thoroughly

### After Deployment
- [ ] Test on mobile devices
- [ ] Verify dark mode on mobile
- [ ] Check all pages render correctly

---

## Future Roadmap

### High Priority
1. **Custom domain** - Update baseurl when pointing Porkbun domain to Netlify
2. **Missing hot throw scores** - Fill in recalled values for all candles
3. **Methodology page update** - Change baseline description to "collection average"
4. **Performance map page** - Create .Rmd page using exported performance_map.png
5. **Update published posts** - Re-run get_brief() after SAV formula change

### Medium Priority
6. **Font Awesome** - Uncomment placeholder in head.html when ready
7. **Blog tags** - Add tags to post front matter
8. **Tableau embed** - Consider dedicated /infographics/ page
9. **Remove brand_name from purchases** - Reduce data redundancy
10. **Dark mode legend boxes** - Test when ggplot visualizations go live

### Low Priority
11. **Pagination testing** - Verify styling with 6+ posts
12. **assets/data/ cleanup** - Remove or repurpose legacy folder
13. **Environmental data analysis** - Correlate temp/humidity with throw scores
14. **materials table usage** - Incorporate wax/wick data into analysis
15. **Automated sync** - GitHub Action for data_sync.R (when collection grows)
16. **Private sheet migration** - If sheet ever goes private

---

## Project Metrics

### CSS
| Metric | Before | After |
|--------|--------|-------|
| CSS variables | 8 | 19 |
| !important flags | 24 | 13 (-46%) |
| CSS files loaded | 2-3 | 1 |
| Focus states | None | Complete |
| Accessibility | Basic | WCAG 2.1 AA |

### Hugo
| Metric | Before | After |
|--------|--------|-------|
| Orphaned partials | 1 | 0 |
| Missing CSS classes | 4+ | 0 |
| Inline styles in shortcodes | 1 | 0 |
| Pagination | None | 5 per page |
| og:type on posts | Missing | |

### R Scripts
| Metric | Before | After |
|--------|--------|-------|
| SAV matches methodology | No | Yes |
| SAV independent of PAE | No | Yes |
| Confidence tax applied | No | Yes |
| Tier names consistent | No | Yes |
| Error handling | None | All sheets |
| Plot exported | No | Yes |

### Data
| Metric | Status |
|--------|--------|
| Data entry errors | 1 found (748 74.8) |
| Missing hot throws | Multiple (recall in progress) |
| Redundant columns | 2 identified |
| Tables used in R | 3 of 4 (materials unused) |

---

## Final Sign-Off

**Overall Assessment:**
Candlegraph has been comprehensively reviewed and significantly improved across all layers of the stack. The site is well-architected, thoughtfully designed, and shows clear technical ambition. The core data pipeline is sound, the Hugo installation is clean, and the CSS is professional and accessible.

The main outstanding work before launch is filling in missing hot throw scores, fixing the temperature data entry error, and updating published posts with the corrected SAV formula values. None of these are blockers for continued development - they're just housekeeping before the custom domain goes live.

**The site is ready for continued development and deployment. **

---

**End of Summary**

Commit message:

Add performance map assets; update docs & sync
Add generated performance map SVG for the Goop review post and update static performance_map.png. Add workflow and schema docs (BLOGDOWN-WORKFLOW-ADDENDUM.md, SCHEMA-UPDATE-SUMMARY.md) and update project/docs guidance (CANDLEGRAPH-PROJECT-SUMMARY.md, CANDLEGRAPH-SNIPPETS.md, CONTENT-WORKFLOW-SUMMARY.md). Also modify data_sync.R to reflect data syncing changes. These changes add the visualization assets and update documentation and the sync script to support the new content.

docs/CANDLEGRAPH-PROJECT-SUMMARY.md, after:

# Candlegraph - Complete Project Review Summary

**Review Date:** February 17, 2026
**Reviewer:** Claude (Anthropic)
**Status:** Production Ready (with noted action items)
**Overall Grade:** A

---

## Project Overview

Candlegraph is a Hugo-based candle review site powered by R, Google Sheets, and Netlify. The site uses a custom data pipeline to calculate and display performance indexes (SAV and PAE) for scented candles, with a focus on data-driven reviews and technical transparency.

**Tech Stack:**
```
Google Sheets R (data_sync.R) Hugo (lithium theme) Netlify candlegraph.netlify.app
```

**Supporting Infrastructure:**
- GitHub - Version control
- Porkbun - Domain registrar (custom domain pending)
- Nixihost - Asset CDN
- Terryology - Hub site aggregating content

---

## What We Accomplished

This review covered four major areas across multiple sessions:

1. **CSS Refactor** - Complete stylesheet overhaul
2. **Hugo Installation** - Config, templates, partials, shortcodes
3. **R Scripts** - Data pipeline and post generation tools
4. **Google Sheets** - Data architecture review

---

## Part 1: CSS Refactor

### Summary
Complete refactor of `custom.css` / `test.css` into a production-ready stylesheet with semantic variables, accessibility improvements, and dark mode support.

### Key Improvements

**Semantic CSS Variables (19 total)**
```css
/* Before: appearance-based */
--antique-white, --charcoal, --amber

/* After: role-based */
--bg-primary, --text-primary, --accent
```

**Reduced !important Usage**
- Before: 24 instances
- After: 13 instances (all justified theme overrides)
- Reduction: 46%

**Accessibility (WCAG 2.1 AA)**
- Added focus states for all interactive elements
- Added `prefers-reduced-motion` support
- Removed visited link opacity (better contrast)
- Keyboard navigation fully supported

**New Components Added**
- Pagination styling
- Blog tags styling
- Vault methodology link
- Audit cell layout
- Vault baselines component

**Bug Fixes**
- Post title hover reverting to black Fixed with explicit hover rules
- Read More hover flickering Fixed with `:not(.read-more)` selector
- Hub link border clipping Resolved by redesigning as bold amber text

### Files
- `candlegraph-production.css` - Production stylesheet (~650 lines)
- `CSS-REFACTOR-SUMMARY.md` - Detailed CSS documentation

---

## Part 2: Hugo Installation

### Summary
Reviewed and improved config.yaml, all layout templates, partials, and shortcodes. Fixed structural issues, added pagination, and wired up orphaned templates.

### config.yaml Changes
```yaml
# Added pagination (using current Hugo syntax)
pagination:
 pagerSize: 5
```

**Kept as-is (intentional decisions):**
- MathJax 2.7.5 - working, update risk not worth it
- highlight.js 9.12.0 - knitr handles R highlighting
- Tableau link external - intentional for now
- baseurl - update when custom domain goes live

### layouts/partials/head.html
- **Consolidated CSS loading** from 3 methods down to 1
- **Environment-based loading** - test.css locally, custom.css in production
- **Added og:type** for post pages
- **Added Font Awesome placeholder** for future use

**New workflow:**
```
Hugo local server development test.css
Netlify deployment production custom.css
```

### layouts/partials/nav.html
- Added **reduced motion support** for SVG logo animation
- Fixed closing tag indentation
- Added JavaScript comments for clarity

### layouts/partials/post_preview.html
**Major fix:** Was completely orphaned - never being called by any template. Rewrote to match actual lithium theme HTML structure and wired into list.html.

### layouts/_default/list.html
- Wired in `post_preview.html` partial (single source of truth)
- Added **pagination** with previous/next buttons and numbered pages
- Removed inline article HTML

### layouts/_default/archive.html
- Removed redundant variable assignment

### Shortcodes

**data-vault.html:**
- Removed hardcoded inline style CSS class
- Added `.Inner` fallback

**vault-audit.html:**
- Added missing `.audit-cell` CSS

**vault-baselines.html:**
- Renamed generic `.label`/`.value` to `.baseline-label`/`.baseline-value`
- Full CSS added (ready for use)

**blogdown/postref.html:** No changes needed

### Files
- `head.html` - Updated partial
- `nav.html` - Updated partial
- `post_preview.html` - Rewritten partial
- `list.html` - Updated with pagination
- `archive.html` - Minor cleanup
- `data-vault.html` - Fixed shortcode
- `vault-audit.html` - Fixed shortcode
- `vault-baselines.html` - Improved shortcode
- `HUGO-REVIEW-SUMMARY.md` - Detailed Hugo documentation

---

## Part 3: R Scripts

### Summary
Corrected the SAV formula to match the methodology page, applied the confidence tax properly, fixed tier naming, and improved code quality throughout.

### data_sync.R Changes

**SAV Formula Corrected (BREAKING CHANGE)**
```r
# Before: SAV was tied to PAE (not independent)
sav_index = pae_index * (avg_scent / target_scent_avg)

# After: Matches methodology page exactly
weighted_scent = (cold_score * 0.4) + (hot_score * 0.6)
sav_index = (avg_scent / global_avg_scent) * 100
```

**Confidence Tax Applied**
```r
# Now actually applied to scores (was only mentioned before)
pae_index = if_else(n_candles < 3, pae_index * 0.8, pae_index),
sav_index = if_else(n_candles < 3, sav_index * 0.8, sav_index)
```

**Error Handling Added**
- All four `read_sheet()` calls wrapped in `tryCatch()`
- Clear error messages identifying which sheet failed

**Performance Plot Exported**
```r
ggsave(
 filename = here::here("static", "images", "performance_map.png"),
 ...
)
```

**All Quadrant Labels Added to Plot**
- Previously only GRAIL and DUD labeled
- Now all four quadrants labeled consistently

### post_brief.R Changes

**Tier Name Fixed**
```r
# Before: Generated non-existent CSS class
~ "Powerhouse" class="tier-powerhouse" (no CSS)

# After: Matches CSS exactly 
~ "Overachiever" class="tier-overachiever" 
```

**Confidence Tax Note Updated**
- Now an HTML comment (visible in source, not rendered)
- Correctly states tax is already applied in data_sync.R

**Source Path Robustified**
```r
source(here::here("data_sync.R"))
```

**Return Value Added**
```r
invisible(list(brand, tier, sav, pae, specs, audit, low_sample))
```

### new-candlegraph.Rmd Changes
- Output changed to `blogdown::html_page`
- Added description and slug to front matter
- Removed redundant library loading
- Fixed implicit join (added `by = "candle_id"`)
- Replaced `slice(1)` with cleaner `summarize()`
- Fixed double commas in `geom_bar()`
- Added consistent spacing in ggplot calls
- Changed chart color to `#D97706` (Candlegraph amber)
- Fixed typo: "progession" "progression"
- Fixed escaped pipe: `%\>%` `%>%`

### Files
- `data_sync.R` - Updated data pipeline
- `post_brief.R` - Updated post helper
- `new-candlegraph.Rmd` - Updated post
- `R-SCRIPTS-SUMMARY.md` - Detailed R documentation

---

## Part 4: Google Sheets Data

### Architecture (Terryology Architecture sheet)
Clean, well-documented ecosystem. One note: Candlegraph pipeline description should be updated to:
```
Google Sheets R Hugo (performance map + shortcodes) + JSON (Hub feed)
```

### brands 
Clean lookup table. `brand_location` unused but valuable for future analysis.

### materials 
Functional with minor redundancy. `brand_id` redundant since `candle_id` is unique. `container_shape` always "Round" currently. `materials` not yet used in `data_sync.R` - reserved for future analysis.

### purchases 
One structural issue: `brand_name` is duplicated from the `brands` table, creating two sources of truth. The workaround in `data_sync.R` (`rename(brand_name = any_of(...))`) exists because of this.

### burn_times 
One critical data entry error found:
- Row 170 (candle 14, session July 11 2025): `stop_temp = 748` should be `74.8`

Environmental data (temp, humidity, dew point) is impressive and well-collected. Not yet used in calculations but valuable for future correlation analysis.

---

## Breaking Changes Summary

These changes affect previously published content and require manual updates:

### 1. SAV Formula Change
All published SAV scores will be different after running updated `data_sync.R`.

**Required actions:**
1. Run updated `data_sync.R`
2. Run `get_brief()` for each brand in published posts
3. Update shortcode values in all affected posts

### 2. vault-baselines.html Class Rename
`.label`/`.value` renamed to `.baseline-label`/`.baseline-value`.

**Required action:** Update any posts using this shortcode (if any exist)

---

## Immediate Action Items

These should be done before committing to GitHub:

- [ ] Fix `stop_temp = 748` `74.8` in Google Sheets (burn_times, row 170)
- [ ] Set `pagerSize` back to 5 in config.yaml (if testing with 2)
- [ ] Copy `candlegraph-production.css` contents to both `test.css` and `custom.css`
- [ ] Create `static/images/` directory for performance map export
- [ ] Re-run `data_sync.R` with new SAV formula
- [ ] Run `get_brief()` for all brands in published posts
- [ ] Update shortcode values in published posts with new SAV/PAE scores
- [ ] Go through completed candles and fill in `throw_hot_1`, `throw_hot_2`, `throw_hot_3` in purchases (recall 2-3 checkpoints across candle life)
- [ ] Update `throw_basis` to "Recall" for any recalled values, "Measured" for empirical data

---

## Complete File Manifest

### CSS
| File | Status | Notes |
|------|--------|-------|
| `candlegraph-production.css` | Updated | Copy to both test.css and custom.css |

### Hugo Config
| File | Status | Notes |
|------|--------|-------|
| `config.yaml` | Updated | Add `pagination: pagerSize: 5` |

### Hugo Partials
| File | Status | Notes |
|------|--------|-------|
| `layouts/partials/head.html` | Updated | Environment-based CSS loading |
| `layouts/partials/nav.html` | Updated | Reduced motion support |
| `layouts/partials/post_preview.html` | Rewritten | Now active via list.html |
| `layouts/partials/post_meta.html` | No changes | Working correctly |

### Hugo Templates
| File | Status | Notes |
|------|--------|-------|
| `layouts/_default/list.html` | Updated | Pagination + partial wiring |
| `layouts/_default/archive.html` | Updated | Minor cleanup |

### Shortcodes
| File | Status | Notes |
|------|--------|-------|
| `layouts/shortcodes/data-vault.html` | Updated | Inline style removed |
| `layouts/shortcodes/vault-audit.html` | Updated | audit-cell CSS added |
| `layouts/shortcodes/vault-baselines.html` | Updated | Classes renamed + styled |
| `layouts/shortcodes/brand-specs.html` | No changes | Working correctly |
| `layouts/shortcodes/blogdown/postref.html` | No changes | Working correctly |

### R Scripts
| File | Status | Notes |
|------|--------|-------|
| `data_sync.R` | Updated | SAV formula, error handling, plot export |
| `post_brief.R` | Updated | Tier fix, confidence tax, return value |
| `index.Rmd` | No changes | Blogdown boilerplate |

### Posts
| File | Status | Notes |
|------|--------|-------|
| `new-candlegraph.Rmd` | Updated | Code quality improvements |
| Other posts | Pending | Front matter needs updating (output, description, slug) |

### Documentation
| File | Notes |
|------|-------|
| `CSS-REFACTOR-SUMMARY.md` | CSS review documentation |
| `HUGO-REVIEW-SUMMARY.md` | Hugo installation documentation |
| `R-SCRIPTS-SUMMARY.md` | R scripts documentation |
| `CANDLEGRAPH-PROJECT-SUMMARY.md` | This document |

---

## Deployment Checklist

### Before Committing
- [ ] All immediate action items above completed
- [ ] Test locally with `hugo server`
- [ ] Verify dark mode works
- [ ] Verify pagination works (temporarily set pagerSize: 2 to test)
- [ ] Verify Read More hover works
- [ ] Verify methodology page math renders
- [ ] Verify Hub link is bold amber
- [ ] Verify post title hovers work
- [ ] Set pagerSize back to 5

### Committing
- [ ] Commit all updated files to GitHub
- [ ] Verify Netlify deployment succeeds
- [ ] Test live site thoroughly

### After Deployment
- [ ] Test on mobile devices
- [ ] Verify dark mode on mobile
- [ ] Check all pages render correctly

---

## Future Roadmap

### High Priority
1. **Custom domain** - Update baseurl when pointing Porkbun domain to Netlify
2. **Missing hot throw scores** - Fill in recalled values for all candles
3. **Methodology page update** - Change baseline description to "collection average"
4. **Performance map page** - Create .Rmd page using exported performance_map.png
5. **Update published posts** - Re-run get_brief() after SAV formula change

### Medium Priority
6. **Font Awesome** - Uncomment placeholder in head.html when ready
7. **Blog tags** - Add tags to post front matter
8. **Tableau embed** - Consider dedicated /infographics/ page
9. **Remove brand_name from purchases** - Reduce data redundancy
10. **Dark mode legend boxes** - Test when ggplot visualizations go live

### Low Priority
11. **Pagination testing** - Verify styling with 6+ posts
12. **assets/data/ cleanup** - Remove or repurpose legacy folder
13. **Environmental data analysis** - Correlate temp/humidity with throw scores
14. **materials table usage** - Incorporate wax/wick data into analysis
15. **Automated sync** - GitHub Action for data_sync.R (when collection grows)
16. **Private sheet migration** - If sheet ever goes private

---

## Project Metrics

### CSS
| Metric | Before | After |
|--------|--------|-------|
| CSS variables | 8 | 19 |
| !important flags | 24 | 13 (-46%) |
| CSS files loaded | 2-3 | 1 |
| Focus states | None | Complete |
| Accessibility | Basic | WCAG 2.1 AA |

### Hugo
| Metric | Before | After |
|--------|--------|-------|
| Orphaned partials | 1 | 0 |
| Missing CSS classes | 4+ | 0 |
| Inline styles in shortcodes | 1 | 0 |
| Pagination | None | 5 per page |
| og:type on posts | Missing | |

### R Scripts
| Metric | Before | After |
|--------|--------|-------|
| SAV matches methodology | No | Yes |
| SAV independent of PAE | No | Yes |
| Confidence tax applied | No | Yes |
| Tier names consistent | No | Yes |
| Error handling | None | All sheets |
| Plot exported | No | Yes |

### Data
| Metric | Status |
|--------|--------|
| Data entry errors | 1 found (748 74.8) |
| Missing hot throws | Multiple (recall in progress) |
| Redundant columns | 2 identified |
| Tables used in R | 3 of 4 (materials unused) |

---

## Final Sign-Off

**Overall Assessment:**
Candlegraph has been comprehensively reviewed and significantly improved across all layers of the stack. The site is well-architected, thoughtfully designed, and shows clear technical ambition. The core data pipeline is sound, the Hugo installation is clean, and the CSS is professional and accessible.

The main outstanding work before launch is filling in missing hot throw scores, fixing the temperature data entry error, and updating published posts with the corrected SAV formula values. None of these are blockers for continued development - they're just housekeeping before the custom domain goes live.

**The site is ready for continued development and deployment. **

---

**End of Summary**
